What course experiences were the most interesting and/or useful /  to you and why?
the most interesting has been the discussion on how technology is good for education.
using the website to ask questions about the core test 
The videos on texting and language 
The videos that we watched.
videos and power points that were used. 
N/a
the videos we watched and the different tools we used
I like that my education class's are more personal, that I get to know my professors more, and I can be more comfortable in class.
I liked the meeting we had with you, you helped me understand taskstream more and introduced me to my advisor! Thank you for that!!
The fact that everyone was always interacting with each other was very heplful to me to help break me out of my shell a little bit.
The building of the poster was fun and interactive. 
i take away everything from this class even though it may not be used,
Did not really have much to do with the course but until I met you I never really felt teachers cared about my success.
The diversity assignment was interesting because it made me look at teaching differently
The experiences that were the most interesting was doing the warm-ups. They definitely help me get in the mindset for the class time.


Pepperoni roll comparison to rubric
Group work was helpful because it gives us practice for the future. 
What texting does to your writing because I'd learned so much things from that guy in the video.
I liked when we watched the charlie brown special on when they were studying to help us find out what our study habits were.

the essays to prepare us for the core
I like the diversity lesson we're on now because it applies to me more. I mean this from the standpoint that I have already taken and passed the CORE test so the last webquest didn't really matter to me as much. 
The most useful experience was our cognititve warm-ups. I know this isn't anything that has to do with technology, but it was the most useful and interestiing to me. It got the class going, and made the atmosphere more comfortable. I really think it was a good way to begin, get us going, and made me more comfortable with the class. 
The group work was a good experience because you get to know your classmates
Taskstream has helped kept everything organized
