Please explain why you chose the answer you did for the above / question.

I do not fear the idea of technology in a classroom. I can see how it benefits children


I think you are a really good professor 

I am confident with technology but I may not use all of the technology we learned about 

I don't remember the website names and which one was which and we used them once.

we have so many websites I forget the names of them and the password and username.... I think a worksheet with all the websites should be gave out. 

I'm really not going into teaching so I won't really use much technology.

I agree I will use technology in the class

Well I'm not tech savy, but I'm slowly getting there with this class. 

It has introduced me to technology I didn't even know existed and I feel that it makes me feel more comfortable with teaching with the technology.

I realized how important technology really is in life, and it is a good idea to embrace it as a teacher.

This course has definitely aided what i already knew about technology. 

Technology is sstill something to get used to

Before this course I never really used technology outside of Facebook and e-mail. Now I know how to use it as a teaching tool.

I like technology but I never considered myself using it as a teacher because I wasn't what I should do with it. Now that I am in this class I have more options to choose from.

Even though I'm not going to be a school teacher, I hope to educate others in my profession in some way.

this class has given me many resources and ideas I can use in the future in the classroom as a teacher. 

Because I know how to use different websites and technology to teach.

I want to be able to use technology in teaching, but i dont want to use it for everything.

Because it did help me a lot in the class with all the technology 

I was unsure about tech before.

I like that it gives me some good tools to use in the classroom but I am not completely sold on the idea of using a lot of technology in the classroom. 

I chose agree because I think technology-using teaching is important. The world of learning with technology changes all the time, and it is becoming a "way of life." This course opened a gate to many roads of technology in a classroom. I want to continue down different roads and see what all there is out there to help my students learn and grow. 

I've used programs I haven't used before

I feel like I can now be more creative.
