What are the strongest features of this course and of my /  teaching? In other words, what contributes most to your learning?
free exploration with group activities
getting my ready for teaching in the classroom 
When we have class discussions and handouts 
When we have discussions and class projects.
hands on activities such as this last activity. 
Hand on things.
You are creative and want to keep everyone interested. 
I like how much information Dr. Price brings to class each day.
I like the warm-ups that get me to wake up, I also like how I feel like I get some independence in my work.
I like how understanding you are with everyone. I like that you give us time to finish our work, and actually care that we understand what you're teaching. Not all teachers are like that.
I really like that everybody can be open and that its not an up-tight environment. We are not afraid of making mistakes or anything like that. 
The hands on and cognitive warm ups.  This helps with staying awake, even on the roughest days.  
You are definitely are a great teacher because you take the time to work with students individually to help them learn. You also express a lot of knowledge about your course.
You make the whole class involved with your instruction whether they want to or not and i feel that is a good thing in a teacher.
I like that we have a lot of group time and if we have problems about something that we can come talk to you about it.


You make things relatable to us.
you make sure all assignments are clear and help us on the Webquest in class. 
I learned alot things about technology that I never thought of. I learned to teach people through technology.
I like how we use technology to help us learn because it is part of our lives and it is easier to understand.

I have learned the importants of working in a group and how technology is vital to education /  /  /  /  / of
I like the steps being laid out for the webquest and our accessibility to these items. 
I think I have benefited the most of the websites/tools to do assignments on. It opened up new ways of learning and teaching, which always interests me. I appreciate your flexibilty with due dates and your understanding that adjusting to the technology tools is harder for some than others. 
Using programs that I never heard of before
The fact we go over everything in class just incase you dont understand soemthing.
